[docs] Update 2FA docs to indicate SMS is no longer creatable (#22268)
expo/expo: docs/pages/accounts/two-factor.mdx

Expo will provide a QR code to scan with your authenticator app during setup. The app will provide a confirmation code to enter on Expo. Enter the code to finish activating 2FA via your authenticator app.

> ### SMS Messages (deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SMS Messages
```

Once we change below callout to use warning, explicitly mentioning "deprecated" here doesn't make sense. The callout is enough to signify that this feature is deprecated.

> > **Note** SMS is no longer supported for newly-added two-factor authentication methods. Existing SMS two-factor authentication methods will continue to work, though we suggest switching to an authenticator app as it provides better security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** **Deprecated:** SMS is no longer supported for newly-added two-factor authentication methods. Existing SMS two-factor authentication methods will continue to work, though we suggest switching to an authenticator app as it provides better security.
```

For deprecation messages, we use a different color-coded callout.
